>> Mike: And finally,
this isn't just a new twist.
This isn't just another Atom.
One other things that Code
aims to be is like the best
possible TypeScript to
developer experience out there.
It is build with TypeScript in mind.
And, in particular, we benefit from
that as regular JavaScript developers,
because TypeScript is a typed
superscript of JavaScript.
So almost all JavaScript
is valid TypeScript.
And the stuff that is
not valid TypeScript,
we shouldn't be doing anyway, right?
These are things where the things that our
code is doing can cause deoptimizations.
It can cause problems when the
JavaScript Runtime starts to execute it.
So it gives us some keen insight into
what's going on, the TypeScript compiler.
One of the things that launched
within the last month was OS X
now has the ability to create
a C# project and to run it.
So it has been possible to use something
called Mono which is a C# open source,
what would you call it,
an open source C# runtime that
you can develop on a Mac, and
you can write a C# program.
Now with an extension,
you can just create C# projects, and
you get a developer experience built by
Microsoft with a language that was built,
you know, by Microsoft.
And you can use it on a Mac, and
I hope that we will start to see
other .NET languages like F# become
things that don't require a particular
operating system anymore.
I love to see when companies, especially
when they're shepherding a language
like that, to open it up and
let developers choose whatever environment
they want to work on the programs
rather than sort of locking people in.
One of the things that was evident for
me when I started using code
is I didn't have to install a whole bunch
of plugins or set up a whole bunch of
configuration in order to get things
working the way I wanted it to.
And maybe this is just because
the defaults are aligned with what I like,
but I think that it's more that some
of the important stuff that can
sorta hide in the background,
that comes with the core editor.
And it's of benefit to all developers,
and so
it is tuned very thoughtfully
right out of the box.
And then finally, I get excited
every time there's a new launch.
You should follow the @code
handle on Twitter, if you like.
They'll tweet every time a new release
lands, and they do one per month.
Every time I look at the release notes,
it's like it's new exciting stuff.
The recent stuff that was added this past
month, and it was just a couple of days
ago of the latest version landed, was the
ability to refactor code by right-clicking
on, like select one code and
refactor and set it to a function.
And these are things that I really
enjoyed in other programming languages,
other environments, but
could never get right in JavaScript.
It would never work as advertised,
and this seems to work really well.
So, if you're getting an NPM error,
make sure you check
the version of your current Node,
and it should be 8or newer.
If you're using a version of
Node that's older than 8,
there are instructions in the readme for
installing something called NVM, and
this will let you sort of install
a newer version on the side.
But you want 8.
So I'll be running 8.4.
I am fairly confident that any
version 8 released should work fine.